feat: fix the matchselector issue and some little typos (#9)
Tchoupinax/k8s-labels-migrator: README.md

![Screenshot of a terminal with all the execution](.github/docs/demo.png "CLI demo")

## Tutorial

> Let's say you are managing your application with the gitops's philosohpy ([ArgoCD](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) is really great to do the job). You want to add or edit a label. This difference has already been done by your code but ArgoCD refused to sync because of the "immutable field" error. Then following this:
> - ⚠️ First of all, nothing intervene during the operation! `kubernetes-labels-migrator` should be free until the end. If you have tools like ArgoCD that synchronize your resources, **please** ensure this feature is **disabled**.
> - You can commit the changes on the resource and observe the difference
> - Launch the script and watch the magic happens
> - According your changes, the difference should have been resolved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say you are managing your application with the GitOps philosophy (ArgoCD is really great for this job). You want to add or edit a label. This change has already been made in your code, but ArgoCD refused to sync due to the "immutable field" error. Here's what you should do:

- ⚠️ First of all, ensure that nothing intervenes during the operation! kubernetes-labels-migrator should be free until the end. If you have tools like ArgoCD that synchronize your resources, please ensure this feature is disabled.
- Commit the changes to the resource and observe the difference.
- Launch the script and watch the magic happen.
- According to your changes, the difference should have been resolved.
```
